A $34k / month consulting project: 
  
  9 months into my consulting journey it was clear to me I was providing a ton of value to my clients, and I didn't need to be full-time to do it. I already had 5 or so engagements under my belt, and by this time I had also found a business partner. 
  
  Through networking, we got into contact with a freight company who’d been around for a number of years and while they were doing well from a revenue perspective, they hadn’t grown much over the last 2 years. They needed to shake things up, but they didn’t know how. 
  
  Within the first 10 minutes of our intro call, based on the questions we were asking, it was clear this company needed our help, and they needed it badly.  
  
  They are based in Tampa, FL, a market that doesn’t have a big tech scene and isn’t the easiest place to convince people to move to, which meant our experience was very valuable to them. 
  
  My partner and I debated how much we should charge them for a part-time, advisory project. We knew we could add a ton of value for them, and wanted to make sure we captured that value in a retainer.  
  
  We emailed the CEO with a proposal for the projects we’d work on, for which we would charge $40,000 per month for 3 months. I’ve since learned to be specific with your number. ($40,000 sounds made up. $41,750 sounds calculated.) 
  
  Then came the waiting game. Would they laugh us out of the room? Would they be offended at that price? A few hours later, the CEO came back, thanked us for the proposal, and said he’d talk it over with his board of advisors.  
  
  We jumped on a call with him a few days later where he told us he thought the price was a little rich, and that he wanted to get down to $30,000. We told him we couldn't give him that big of a discount from $40,000 (that's a 25% cut!), but we could give a 13% discount to get to $34,800 and we’d start with a 30 day trial so if it wasn’t working, he could ramp it down. 
  
  A few days later, we got this email, “We are good to go at a $34,800 monthly rate with a 30 day trial. I will be out of the office tomorrow and Thursday but back on Friday. Confer with your partner and let’s schedule a kick-off session.” 
  
  We also wrote in the contract they had to pay it all up front, and they agreed no problem. The moment he slid a check across the table to us for $34,800 for 30 days of part-time work is one I'll always remember. 
  
  The big takeaway → you never know what’s possible until you ask for it. You’ve worked on your craft over many years, and your experience and skill sets took a lot of time and energy to build. You’ve earned your value already. Your experience is extremely valuable, especially to the company that doesn’t have access to it without you. The worst outcome is they say “no” and you settle on a lower price, or you walk away and find another client that’s worth your time. But if you don’t ask, you’ll never have a chance of getting a “yes”.