If you work remote and have 10 hours of free time, I have news for you that might change your life: 
  
  With remote work, many professionals I talk to are completing their job in 25-35 hours per week. Their plate is fall from full.  
  
  This creates an incredible opportunity that you might be wasting.  
  
  You could double your income in that free time! Here’s how: 
  
  1. You have expertise that other companies desperately need. You can solve problems, and they’re trying to grow and hit milestones. 
  
  2. You can monetize your experience to the tune of $10k, $20k, or even $30k per month! 
  
  3. First, you need to come up with an offer. What problems do you solve for companies? What value do you add? Come up with a very clear, tangible statement that anyone could understand. 
  
  4. Then, nail down your ideal client. Who would benefit most from your help? Write down the client’s attributes in as much detail as possible. 
  
  5. Do some research to find companies that meet the attributes you listed. Venture backed companies are in Crunchbase, local companies are on Google. Spend an hour and get a list of 25 companies. 
  
  6. Reach out to those companies inquiring about their needs / problems. Do not sell yourself. Ask about them. People like talking about themselves. You’re more likely to get a response if you’re curious about them. 
  
  7. Schedule calls with anyone who responds. On the calls, ask questions about their problems. Be curious. Ask questions in your area of expertise. 
  
  8. If there’s an opportunity, let them know how you help companies. Be confident. Share an experience from the past where you solved a similar problem. 
  
  9. If there’s a fit, tell them you’ll follow-up with a proposal. 
  
  If you have 10 calls, you’re very likely to close at least one.  
  
  When you have a call where there’s not an opportunity, ask for two introductions. Follow-up with these people and make sure they do make intros for you. 
  
  Monetizing your free time isn't easy. Nobody is going to hand it to you. But with some smart work, you can absolutely make it happen. 
  