You want to increase your consulting rates with an existing client? We got you: 
  
  The first thing when asking for a raise in a consulting project: 
  What’s been the feedback thus far?  
  
  We recommend formally asking for it (we send out a form) and asking how you’re doing overall, with a rating 0-10, and then qualitative feedback for what’s been good and what you could do better 
  
  Assuming that the feedback is great (9 or 10 and a lot of positive qualitative feedback), you then want to do the following: 
  
  1. Summarize the work you’ve done for them and how it’s benefitted the company (really focus on the output and value you’ve driven) 
  Tell them that you want to keep working with them, value the relationship and them as a client, and tell them for you to keep working with them, you need to revisit compensation 
  
  2. Showcase the work you plan to do going forward and the value you’ll add (ideally this is more value than you previously summarized in the “what you did in the past”) 
  
  3. As you include the value that you’ll be adding, you can then ask for the new updated amount, and the timeline you’d like the comp to be adjusted on. Emphasize that you want to keep working with them, and feel this new arrangement is fair on both ends 
  
  What I would do is do it in a few phases: 
  
  A. Ask if it’s okay to send over a feedback form as you’d love to know how you’re doing and how you could improve 
  
  B. Assuming they say yes, send over the feedback form via email 
  After you get the feedback, start working on summarizing the past value you’ve created 
  
  C. Send over an email that summarizes the value you’ve added, and ask for a call to discuss the arrangement going forward 
  
  D. Assuming they agree to the call, send over your thoughts in an email before the call, letting them know you want to send them this info ahead of time so they can have some time to think about it before the call 
  
  E. Have the call where you address any questions or concerns, and agree on a go-forward plan 
  
  Easy enough, right? 
  
  In our Mylance HQ we share the feedback form we recommend using, so if you're looking for one, apply to our community to get access!