The FULL story of how I got my first $25k / month consulting client: 
  
  Once I quit Uber and took a little bit of time off, I was ready to start working on what was next. I wanted to start a company. But I didn’t know what I wanted to start.  
  
  I also wondered how I was going to support myself. I couldn’t just keep going without income. I considered if I could help out companies part-time. So, I did some outreach. Or rather, I responded to some LinkedIn inbound recruiters and hiring managers. 
  
  I responded to each of them honestly that I was willing to help them part-time.  
  
  Here’s a sample note I sent: 
  
  Thanks for reaching out. I definitely think my 4 years at Uber could be helpful as AutoX rolls out their self-driving marketplace. Do you see an opportunity for me to help as more of an advisor than a full-time role? I'm currently not in the market for a full-time role, but am open to other arrangements. Let me know your thoughts.  
  
  Cheers, 
  Bradley 
  
  I sent out 12 notes like this. 11 times I got a “no” or just no response. 
  
  One of the 12, however, responded positively back that they were down to get on a call and chat. 
  
  I had my first lead. I didn’t call them leads at that time. I didn’t know anything.  
  
  I jumped on a call with them and talked about my experience at Uber, and inquired about their needs.  
  
  They asked me to send over a proposal of what a working arrangement could look like. I didn’t have a template or any kind of idea what this could look like. So I did what any business minded person does best. I made a deck that included: 
  
  1. My background 
  2. The terms of the agreement including my rate 
  3. The challenges I understood facing the company 
  4. The questions I expected to address 
  5. A sample food delivery marketplace business model 
  
  I sent it over. 
  
  I guess they liked it, because they invited me onsite for an interview (this was long before COVID was an issue). I spoke to a few different members of their team including the CEO and COO. 
  
  I got a call a few days later from the recruiter that they’d like to offer me the contract, but that my rate was a bit too high. 
  
  I had made up some random number calculating my Uber salary, projected equity, added in a huge buffer for health insurance and other contractor costs, and divided by 40 hours per week and 49 weeks per year.  
  
  It came out to $267 per hour. This felt high, but what did I have to lose?  
  
  So when the phone call came in and told me my rate was too high, I got nervous. I couldn’t really defend that rate. But I did something that in hindsight was smart: I asked them to counter. They countered at $250 / hr (only 7% lower than what I’d asked for). I accepted on the spot. Deal.  
  
  While the contract was hourly, if I worked 20 hours per week I’d make $20k per month, and at 25 hours per week, I’d make $25k per month. 
  
  Score! 
  
  I had my first consulting client. And it changed my life forever.  
  
  If you want a copy of the deck I sent over, add a comment below and I'll send it over to you!