For so many years (since college!) I wanted to start a business. Many different times I made small steps, and each time I never got over the hump. I never actually got customers and made it a real business. 
  
  I realized how hard it was, and if I didn't completely grit it out, I'd never get anywhere.  
  
  So I fully committed to it. I told myself no matter what happens, I was going to be running my own business.  
  
  So I listed out the next 5-10 things I needed to do, and I knocked them out, no matter how hard it was. 
  
  Not everything I did moved the business forward (a ton of learnings!) but each step I took moved me forward a little bit more. 
  
  4 things you do NOT need to do to start a business: 
  
  1. Spend hours on a business model 
  2. Make a deck 
  3. Design a logo 
  4. Spend weeks researching the market 
  
  (I did all of these, and they were not a good use of time!) 
  
  If you're looking to start any kind of business, here would be my first steps (all done in under a week): 
  
  1. Write down a problem you're excited about 
  
  2. Talk to users with that problem. Ask open ended questions to see how big of a pain point it is, what their alternatives are, etc. You want to make something 5-10x better 
  
  3. Do some research (1-2 days max) into how big the market is to see if there's a decent sized business there 
  
  4. Find a way to test your solution with zero product. Get up a landing page (in under 1 day), use a Google sheet or form, or something similar. Do not spend time and money building something fancy 
  
  5. Find a customer willing to pay you for your solution, even your janky one. My first customers were served with Slack, Zoom, and Google docs for a $1200 product. Most often, you don't need anything fancy. 
  
  I made it a goal to leave COVID running my own business. Failure wasn't an option. And here I am running Mylance every day. It's hard. It's gritty. And I'd have it no other way 
  
  #startups #founderlife #workforyourself