After two years at Uber, I was searching for a new challenge. On a call a manager told me about an opportunity and she followed it with:  I don't know what your role will be or your salary. If you need answers to those questions, don't take this opportunity.   
  
  I immediately jumped on a plane to San Francisco. Here's why. 
  
  The role was to launch Uber Freight in early 2017. After my experiences launching Uber Eats markets, I believed in myself, I was excited about something new, and I was willing to take the risk.  
  
  And I trusted the leadership that if I showed real value to the company, the rest (my position, salary, bonus, etc.) would take care of itself. 
  
  I came into the opportunity not knowing what to expect. When I got there, I saw a business that had barely been started: the small team was moving Freight loads manually (phone calls, emails, texts) and our in-house product was still in early design and development.  
  
  Further, we needed to do more user interviews to learn exactly what to build. So, just like any other start-up, we hit the ground. We flew to Dallas to interview truck drivers at truck stops. Yep - we pounded the pavement. We took notes. We asked questions. We listened. 
  
  Then, we hired a few truck drivers in house to learn directly from their experience. They sat in meetings. They contributed their thoughts. We listened. 
  
  I did what I knew best. I listened. I added value. I focused on automation, carrier acquisition, strategy, and the marketplace dynamics. I organized the team as much as possible, I spoke up in meetings (especially when I disagreed with a direction), and I worked hard.  
  
  It was a tough place to be: not knowing what my role truly was or how it would shape up. Of course there were other folks there all wondering the same. But I did my best to keep my head down and just add value. 
  
  Eventually, it came time to have those conversations. About roles, salaries, team management, org structures.  
  
  They did take care of me. I ended up leading our  Automation Team  working to get every Carrier and Shipper touchpoint in the app we had built. I loved this role: I got to lead an incredibly talented team of analysts on one of the most crucial components of the business: building a product led, automated Freight brokerage. 
  
  I also got an incredible experience - one that I was able to leverage into countless consulting gigs and to this day, am one of few folks who have extensive experience in both Tech and Freight. 
  
  The risk I took paid off tremendously, mostly from the experience more than anything else. Those kind of risks are scary. And they don't always pay off. But no matter what happens, you can learn a ton from them and get great experiences, which can often open up the door to a whole new opportunity.