I’ve helped tons of professionals in my network earn $15k+ / month.  
  
  With no product.  
  
  These are the crucial traits that make them successful: 
  
  First, these businesses require no product, landing page, email list, or anything else. These people are taking their knowledge and experience, and selling their skills to companies who benefit from their prior learnings. 
  
  This could look like being a fractional Product Manager, being an SEO Consultant, or a part-time Operations Manager to name a few. If you have experience from a company, you can re-purpose it as a part-time consultant. 
  
  With that, let’s get to the traits: 
  
  1. They’re not afraid of success. They embrace what they want, and don’t hold back from making that success a reality. Even and especially when it gets hard. 
  
  2. They’re not afraid of failure. They’re willing to put themselves out there, even if there’s the potential to get rejected or ignored. They silence that inner critic and overcome those fears. 
  
  3. They’re coachable. They’re willing to try new things, take and iterate on feedback so they can have a better chance of success. 
  
  4. They’re decisive. They pull the trigger, they take leaps, and they invest in themselves through things like courses, coaching, and communities. 
  
  5. They can overcome a speed bump. Starting your own thing isn’t easy, and it comes with roadblocks that might deter you. Finding a way past these is crucial for long term success. 
  
  6. They think like business owners. They own their success and their mistakes. They take accountability. They build for the long term.  
  
  7. They know when to ask for help. They know when they’re struggling and they don’t let their ego in the way. They ask for help from friends, colleagues, and even strangers.  
  
  8. They take advantage of their resources. There are tons of resources all over the internet and in your network that will help you be successful. Take advantage of all the tools, resources, and templates at your disposal.