I got a request to pitch a project. It looked perfect - right up my alley.  
  
  Then I looked at the budget: $5,000 for 4 weeks. Not worth it. I told them so. We ended up with a $21.3k project (always be specific!), with a $5k / month retainer afterwards. Here's what happened. 
  
  After being told about a part-time job platform called Catalant, I figured I’d check it out. I made a profile, and a few weeks later, got invited to pitch a project. I was inherently skeptical because I figured they invited hundreds to pitch for it, but after taking a look, I realized my Uber Freight experience would be extremely helpful to this company. 
  
  Then I saw the budget. $5,000 for four weeks. Not worth it. I emailed back saying I appreciated the interest, but with me, I was going to way out deliver the project scope, and thus would need a much higher rate. Their response: “try me, we’re not rigid with that budget.”  
  
  I figured why not. I wrote out a proposal, stating very clearly what I would do that met their project requirements, and what I would do that went far above and beyond the project requirements (this is why they needed to pay me way more than the $5k).  
  
  I also noted why I was the best person for the job given I’d done almost identical work at Uber Freight successfully. I calculated with my hourly rate and how long I thought the project would take, I needed $21,300 to complete the project (giving them a 15% discount on my $250 / hr rate).  
  
  After an interview and some back and forth, they agreed to the project. What’s even better, is while I was on this project, I got my hands a bit involved in some other work, and we agreed to a 3 month retainer afterwards for $5k / month, where they NEVER asked for a single thing despite me repeatedly letting them know I was available.  
  
  What I learned → just because there’s a stated budget for something doesn’t mean you can’t try to negotiate. It is important to ask the client if their budget has any flexibility, because if it doesn’t, you don’t want to waste your or their time.  
  
  All the companies I’ve negotiated with understand I need to value my time appropriately, and nobody has ever been offended for what I’ve asked for, or if I have to politely decline the project because it doesn’t work for me.  
  
  Don’t forget that you’re in the driver seat here - your clients often need you more than you need them, and sometimes you’ll turn down some projects and that’s ok!  
  
  Think about it from their side - would they want to hire someone who’s constantly thinking they’ve been ripped off or under-valued? Wouldn’t that be a substantial distraction to the work they need completed? 
  
  If you want a copy of the proposal I sent over to them, comment below and shoot me a DM and I'll send it over! 
  
  P.S. I do not recommend Catalant. For every story like this, there are 50 people who pitch projects and never win them. I got lucky. This story is about asking for your value and setting boundaries, not to immediately go sign up for Catalant.