I turned a $5k budget into a $21.3k project during my consulting days. Here's what happened. 
  
  During a call with a manager at a Series D Freight company, he told me they had a need for someone with tech and logistics experience to come in and help align their Ops and Product team in a 4 week project, and their budget was $5k.  
  
  For my goals at the time, that wasn't worth it. So, I emailed back saying I appreciated the interest, but I was going to out deliver the project scope, and thus would need a much higher rate.  
  
  His response: “try me, we’re not rigid with that budget.”  
  
  Ok then. I'll give it a shot. I wrote out a proposal, stating clearly what I would do that met their project requirements, and what I would do that went far above and beyond the project requirements.  
  
  I also noted why I was the best person for the job given I’d done almost identical work at Uber Freight successfully. I calculated with my hourly rate and how long I thought the project would take: I needed $21,300 to complete the project (giving them a 15% discount on my $250 / hr rate).  
  
  After an interview and a little bit of back and forth, they agreed to the project and the exact rate I proposed. What’s even better: while I was on this project, I got my hands a bit involved in some other work, and we agreed to a 3 month retainer afterwards at $5k / month for simple advisory work. 
  
  What I learned →  
  
  Just because there’s a stated budget for something doesn’t mean you can’t negotiate.  
  
  It is important to ask the client if their budget has any flexibility, because if there isn't any room, you don’t want to waste yours or their time.  
  
  All the companies I’ve negotiated with understand I need to value my time appropriately, and nobody has ever been offended for what I’ve asked, or if I have to politely decline the project because it doesn’t work for me.  
  
  Don’t forget that you’re in the driver seat here - your clients often need you more than you need them, and sometimes you’ll turn down some projects and that’s okay!  
  
  Stick to what's true for you and where you feel appropriately valued for the work. And when it doubt, simply ASK for what you want.  
  
  Someone else in my shoes would've just turned down the project saying $5k wasn't enough. But I opened the door by telling them I'd deliver so much more, and that set me up to get a much higher valued project.