After launching Uber Eats in Miami, I launched Milan.  
  
  Here are some ways the Milan launch was completely different (and so much more difficult!) than Miami: 
  
  
  Unlike Miami, Milan had nearly zero Uber brand presence, no riders to tap into, and no driver base to utilize as supply. Thus, Uber Eats in Milan was more like launching a traditional start-up: there was very little we could leverage from the core Uber business. 
  
  Without millions of riders to email, we designed and executed a grassroots marketing campaign. We got OOH ads in a subway station, media placements on Spotify, and ran paid ads on Facebook. We also got some press in the main Milan newspaper. 
  
  The Italian team worked differently than I was used to. While I was used to a quick lunch at my desk, the team prioritized going out for lunches with no phone or computer time. While I loved this, it took some getting used to! I quickly learned I needed to adopt this cultural shift, or I’d risk alienating myself as the team lead.  
  
  As you might guess, in Milan they speak Italian. And unfortunately, I do not. Thus, I could not pitch in with the team where we were struggling. I had to be the best manager / cheerleader possible, make sure there was alignment and accountability, and stand behind them. 
  
  Pizza is one of the top delivery foods in the US. It’s one of the least desired delivery foods in Italy. In Italy, Italian food is something to experience. Not get delivered in 20 minutes. Italian restaurants were easy to close so our sales team went after those, when those were the least attractive restaurants to have on the platform. 
  
  The regulatory environment was incredibly sophisticated, hard to understand, and antiquated. It seemed like no arrangement would be “legal” so I eventually just picked one and we went with it. 
  
  Despite our marketing efforts, our launch day was 6% as big as Miami’s. It was an incredibly tough market with an amazing competitor in Deliveroo.  
  
  In retrospect, I’m not sure it was worth Uber’s time and resources to launch there in the first place.  
  
  But, we got through it in one of the most difficult experiences in my professional career!  
  
  Happy to answer a few additional questions about the launch in the comments!