After spending nearly two years launching and scaling up Uber Freight, I got a new opportunity to launch another new business line: Uber Works. After a meeting with a mentor of mine, I turned it down and quit Uber altogether. Here's why: 
  
  I had already worked on 3 different business lines at Uber: Rides, Eats, and Freight. 
  
  From when I had started at Uber to 4 years down the line, I had learned a ton, and most importantly, I learned I had what it took to launch a new business line and grow it to a $1B valuation (with a team of course!)  
  
  As I talked to a mentor of mine about doing this again, we talked about an insane juxtaposition: 
  
  For how much hard work, hustle, and grit that was required to launch a new business line, I got very little upside. While I had Uber equity, I didn't have specific equity in that new business line, and taking something from 0 to $1B and not getting a piece of that specific pie felt wrong to me. 
  
  I was sick of building huge businesses where someone else reaped all of the financial benefits. I wanted to get that upside, and the only way I could get that is by building it for myself. 
  
  Once I got to that point, the obvious and only decision was to quit. 
  
  But before I quit, I learned my value at other companies. I polished my resume, did some networking, and did some interviewing. I learned my value in the marketplace. This was my fall back if I failed on my own, and made it easier to quit. 
  
  But I didn't fail on my own. I used consulting to fund my life and it worked incredibly well. It also gave me the flexibility to work on side projects, and eventually found a company.  
  
  Joining Uber was the best decision I had ever made. And then quitting Uber when I did, was right. I learned what I needed to learn and I was ready to work for myself. 
  
  You likely have those opportunities right now for yourself. It just depends if you're willing to be honest with yourself with what you want, and take the steps to walk through that door.