If you work remote and have 10 hours of free time, reading this might change your life: 
  
  1. With remote work, many have jobs that don’t take up their full plate. 
  
  You might be finishing your work in 25-30 hours per week. 
  
  2. This creates an incredible opportunity that you’re wasting. You could double your income in that free time! Here’s how: 
  
  3. You have expertise that other companies desperately need. 
  
  You can solve problems, and they’re trying to grow and hit milestones. 
  
  4. You can monetize your experience to the tune of $10k, $20k, or even $30k per month! 
  
  5. First, you need to come up with an offer. 
  
  What problems do you solve for companies? 
  
  What value do you add? 
  
  Come up with a very clear, tangible statement that anyone could understand. 
  
  6. Nail down your ideal client. 
  
  Who would benefit most from your help? 
  
  Write down the client’s attributes in as much detail as possible. 
  
  7. Do some research to find companies that meet the attributes you listed. 
  
  Venture backed companies are in Crunchbase, local companies are on Google. 
  
  Spend an hour and get a list of 25 companies. 
  
  8. Reach out to those companies inquiring about their needs / problems. 
  
  Do not sell yourself. 
  
  Ask about them. People like talking about themselves. 
  
  You’re more likely to get a response if you’re curious about them. 
  
  9. Schedule calls with anyone who responds. 
  
  On the calls, ask questions about their problems. 
  
  Be curious. 
  
  Ask questions in your area of expertise. 
  
  10. If there’s an opportunity, let them know how you help companies. 
  
  Be confident. 
  
  Share an experience from the past where you solved a similar problem. 
  
  11. If there’s a fit, tell them you’ll follow-up with a proposal. 
  
  When you have a call where there’s not an opportunity, ask for two introductions.  
  
  Follow-up with these people and make sure they do make the intros. 
  
  12. If you have 10 calls, you’re very likely to close at least 1, which could easily bring you an extra $10k / month in your spare time!