We took a $1249 product and made it $12,000 by increasing the value 40x. Here's what we did. 
  
  First, I have to give kudos to Alex Hormozi - his book $100M offers inspired this change and changed my thinking about offers. Highly recommend to any founder, regardless of your product. 
  
  Previously we had a $1249 product that was a two week Bootcamp covering all the best practices for launching and growing your freelance consulting business. We ran it in cohorts with 8-12 people in them, and we got great feedback. The premise is: we’ll teach you how to get your next consulting client, and then you’ll go out and do it yourself. 
  
  And it worked incredibly well. We got a lot of great feedback. We had a ton of interest in the program, and $1200-$1500 was a price point many could afford. 
  
  After reading the book and chatting with a few other course creators, I realized the program wasn’t as good as it could be. It was missing the follow through.  
  
  It’s like teaching someone a skill but not helping them implement it or holding them accountable to following through. It’s like teaching someone how to play golf hitting into a net but not being there when they take it to the course. 
  
  So we decided to help them take it to the course. And now we had a whole new offering: we not only teach you the best practices for your consulting business, but we also hold your hand as you get your first or next client.  
  
  And you’re not just going to get any client, you’re going to get your next (at least) $10,000 / month client. Sometimes that’s an additional $10k per month from what you’re already making, and sometimes it’s your first $10k per month client. 
  
  To do this and do it well, we need to provide much more coaching. We need accountability, tactical coaching, and Executive Coaching since mindset is such a key part of up-leveling your business. So now we had additional costs, but we were also providing so much more value to the customer. 
  
  We started researching: what is the value of launching your consulting business? If you get a business that brings in $15k / month and you can increase it or decrease it as much as you choose, what is that worth to you?  
  
  To the people we spoke with, that was worth upwards of $50k.  
  
  But we weren’t going to charge that because we don’t need to and it would severely limit demand. So, after modeling out our costs, we decided on $12k as the total cost of the program, and if someone paid upfront, we’d charge just under $10k. 
  
  That way the program more than pays for itself with a customer’s first consulting client (which happens before the program even ends), and everybody wins. 
  
  And it’s working! Customers are signing up. They’re having great success, and they're referring their friends. 
  
  More importantly, we serve fewer customers with way higher value, giving them a super high touch, white glove service. 
  
  And that's how we successfully transitioned from a $1200 product to a $12k product by significantly increasing the value to our customer.