I got the exciting opportunity to launch Uber Eats in Milan.  
  
  But there was no role to apply to or job listing. Here’s how I got to do it: 
  
  
  1. I had just launched Uber Eats in Miami. It went great, but when I interviewed for the GM role, I got rejected. I didn’t have enough managerial experience. I was bummed, but I was hungry for my next challenge. 
  
  2. I now had expertise that could benefit the company that not a ton of other folks had. I had Uber Eats launch experience. So, where were we launching next? 
  
  3. I asked around. I heard we were launching in the Middle East and all over Europe. Great, but how was I going to get in touch with the right people? 
  
  4. Uber had an internal job board at the time. I saw the Uber Eats GM role listed for Madrid. Under the list of requirements was “must be a native Spanish speaker.” I was moderately conversational at best. I knew I couldn’t get the role. But, I applied anyways. 
  
  5. I got on the phone with the recruiter and was honest: I wasn’t fluent in Spanish, but I had Uber Eats launch experience and could add value. She passed me along to the hiring GM. Again, I was honest. I wanted to help. 
  
  6. He asked me a few interview questions. I passed. The next day he called me and asked if I was willing to jump on a plane to Amsterdam that week, and “find a way to help out.” 
  
  7. I didn't have a title, defined role, salary, or any promises. It seemed incredibly uncertain and borderline crazy. I told him I’d be there. I figured the worst case is I’d go help for a month or two, and come back being no worse off than I was at the time. 
  
  8. After I got there, I did whatever they asked. I supported the other Uber Eats launches. I didn’t complain. I added as much value as I could. 
  
  9. One month in, they asked me if I would go to Milan and help the team out. I jumped at the opportunity. Two weeks later, they asked me if I’d lead the Milan launch. I accepted immediately. 
  
  10. I spent the next two months in Milan, building up the team, getting together the three-sided marketplace, and eventually launching the business unit. It was one of the hardest and most rewarding things I’d done in my career. 
  
  I’ve learned in my business life that nothing is handed to you. It’s very rare that someone else is setting you up for that next opportunity or that job promotion. You have to go out and get it. 
  
  And it might be uncertain, and it might not work out. But if you keep going after what you want, you’re very likely to land somewhere that excites you.