Consulting Tip Friday! Today's tip shares a best practice from our Accelerator Program on how to scope out a consulting project from a conversation with a friend, former colleague, or random contact.  
  
  Here it goes! 
  
  Once you’re on the call, you have two jobs: 
  
  1. Ask a lot of great questions 
  2. Validate yourself 
  
  Often by doing #1 well, you accomplish most of #2. Let's walk through an example:  
  
  If I'm an expert in scaling businesses without adding lots of headcount, I can ask smart questions along this line of business strategy / expertise.  
  
  First, I want to understand the business's challenges. I can ask what their north star goal is over the next 6 months. I can ask what keeps them up at night. I can ask about their biggest pain point. 
  
  Then, I can ask further questions in my area of expertise and see how big of an issue it is. And since I'm an expert on this topic, I'm going to eventually ask questions that they haven't thought through, or don't know the answer to.  
  
  This validates me as an expert, and highlights any weaknesses in their business. If the business is having trouble in this area, they might need my help. 
  
  Your goal is to get a solid sense of where they're at and learn as much as you can about their business and challenges.  
  
  Once I have this down (assuming there's an opportunity), I can demonstrate my expertise. I can share in my past how we solved this same problem. I can share an insight or two (you don't need to give everything away) but I want them to know I've been there, done that. 
  
  As you learn about them, take detailed notes. You'll need these for your proposal. 
  
  If you decide there's an opportunity to help them out, use your notes to write a kick-ass proposal.  
  
  If you decide there's not a great match between their challenges and your area of expertise, ask if they can make an intro or two to someone in their network that might have some business challenges aligned with your area of expertise.  
  
  When done well, these calls will likely lead to either a project or warm introduction(s) to good leads!