I had always wanted to work abroad. With Uber's global expansion, it made sense there would be a clear opportunity. But in 2016, there weren't clear paths to this. I had to make it happen myself. So here's what I did:  
  
  After I had launched Uber Eats in Miami, I saw that we were launching Uber Eats all over Europe. The problem was, I wasn't fluent in any of the languages of the markets we were launching, and that was a requirement for all the listed roles. 
  
  But, I applied anyways. I applied to the Madrid Uber Eats GM role. I knew I couldn't get it, but I figured it would at least get a recruiter on the phone. Once I got on a call, I told them I knew I wasn't a fit for the role, but that I had Uber Eats launch experience, and I wanted to help out with the European launches. The recruiter was confused, but she sent over my profile to the RGM of the region.  
  
  Once I got on the phone with him, I was in. He knew they needed help, few people in the company had Uber Eats launch experience already, and I was a willing participant to just HELP. 
  
  He told me if I wanted in, I should get on a plane to Amsterdam within a week. I didn't hesitate - I was in. 
  
  Once I got there, I helped with both the Madrid and Milan launches, and eventually got to own the Milan launch - one of the best (and most challenging) experiences of my professional life. 
  
  My biggest two learnings:  
  
  1. These opportunities don't land in your lap. And there might not be a straight forward path to getting it.  
  
  2. Don't make it about you. I didn't make it about me wanting international experience, my salary, my title, or anything else. I made it about how I could help the business line grow, which is what was important to Uber. 
  
  It starts with knowing what you want, putting yourself out there, and asking for it. The worst that could've happened in this situation was the recruiter was annoyed at me for wasting her time. I could've handled that if that was the case. 
  
  And instead, it led to an incredible experience I'll always have. 
  
  Know what you want and put yourself out there. You have very little to lose and nearly everything to gain.