While I dedicate everything I have to running Mylance, I also keep a (very small!) consulting business on the side to stay sharp and practice what I preach. 
  
  I signed a new client today. Here's how I did it: 
  
  I got the intro from a mutual connection in my network, and we scheduled an intro call. 
  
  I did some digging ahead of the call to understand what the company does, their current challenges, and what they're trying to achieve 
  
  Once on the call, this is where the  magic  happens. 
  
  1. I control the call. I ask to start with intros and ask them to go first. When it's my turn, I have a <60 second intro that gives my relevant background and accomplishments, and how I've helped similar companies. 
  
  2. I then ask them curious but pointed questions in my area of expertise. When I get answers I don't totally follow or I'm unclear about, I point it out and ask again.  
  
  I'm blunt about where I think they need to focus and improve.  
  
  I challenge them on their assumptions and approach (respectfully, of course). 
  
  I then share how I approached a similar problem they're facing in my past. (This validates me more as an expert who can help them). They seem really excited as I share some of my expertise. I share just enough to get them excited but not everything - they know there's more. 
  
  3. I ask them if there's an opportunity for me to help them. They seem excited, so I ask them about their budget constraints. 
  
  4. I let them know there's mutual interest and that I'll follow-up in 24 hours with a proposal. 
  
  5. I send over a proposal that details my expertise, the company's goals, how I will add value, and logistics / comp. 
  
  6. They accept (no feedback!) and I send over a contract via Hellosign (make it as easy as possible for them to execute). 
  
  I've been practicing this for years. This now comes naturally to me. But it didn't always. And if it doesn't for you, that's okay. You can learn. But to learn, you have to be willing to try and practice, to succeed.