I went from making under $50 / hr as a Senior Manager at Uber, to over $250 / hr working for myself as an independent consultant. 
    
   Here's what it took for me to make this a reality: 
    
   1. I was sick of working for someone else and felt undervalued for the work I was dong. So, I quit. 
  
   2. I didn’t line anything up. I needed time off, and I needed to clear my mind, so I took a few months to travel, write, and focus on me. 
  
   3. Then, I decided it was time for my own thing. I had previously tried to start a company many times before. I call those false starts. It was time to give it everything I had. I was done with the false starts. 
  
   4. But going out on my own started like any other time. I picked a problem I wanted to solve and researched the market. But here’s where everything changed. 
  
   5. Instead of building something, I started selling. I didn’t make a website, buy a domain, or get a logo. I started talking to people. I networked. I put myself out there. I was curious about peoples’ businesses. I asked questions. 
  
   6. As the conversations went, I’d see if there was an opportunity to help them. If there was, I’d tell them I’d send over a proposal in 24 hours.  
  
   7. If there wasn’t an opportunity, I asked for 2 introductions to people in their network. I ended up having more warm intros and calls than I ever could’ve asked for. 
  
   8. Some days, I didn’t feel like working. This is what happened in the past with my false starts. But this time, I had a plan. I’d make a very short to do list the night before. If I woke up feeling unmotivated, I’d knock out only the items on the to do list, and take the rest of the day off. It worked. I did only things that would move the business forward, even when I wasn’t feeling well. 
  
   9. Further, to boost my confidence when I was struggling, I made a list of all the accomplishments I had. Even the small ones, like writing my first LinkedIn post, earning my first $100, having 10 calls, etc. Whenever I was feeling down, I’d revisit the list of accomplishments to see how far I'd come. 
  
   10. Over the 4 years since I left Uber, I’ve averaged over $25k / month working only 25 hours per week. I'm not special. I'm not unique. If you're reading this, you can do it too.