One of my consulting clients was an early stage start-up where I got $2500 / month and 0.5% equity to advise.  
  
  Here's what it looked like: 
  
  3-5 hours per week advisory 
  
  What the project looked like: 
  
  With an early stage start-up, I helped advise their leadership team (two co-founders) on how they could take their newly developed product to market. This looked like one call per week along with a bit of research that complimented the advice I was giving them. 
  
  Compensation / Logistics: 
  
  I was originally compensated in cash at $2,500 / month, and then in equity at 0.5% across 3 years.  
  
  Equity compensation is really more of an art than a science, regardless of whether you're an advisor or a full-time employee. In this case, I was compensated 0.5% across 3 years with no cliff.  
  
  The equity amount is totally dependent on the stage of the company, your value-add, and what the founders are willing to give. More details on advisor equity is below. 
  
  For this role I was completely remote, with one trip on-site to spend a full day with them. 
  
  More about equity compensation as an advisor: 
  
  If a founder is offering you equity, they’re thinking long-term (e.g.: what will be the impact of the work you are doing in 2, 3, 5, 10 years down the road?).  
  
  Be aware that if they’re VC backed, the VC might have a say in additional equity being offered. Focus on pinpointing what role you’re going to play, how bought in you are, and your impact on the company.  
  
  When you really seek to understand the Founder’s side, you’ll have better success in coming around to an agreeable result. 
  
  Additionally, keep these concepts in mind: 
  
  Types of Equity 
  
  Incentive stock options: may have better tax treatment than non-qualified stock options (be sure to contact a tax professional for details applicable to your personal situation!) 
  
  Non-qualified stock options: does not qualify for favorable tax treatment for the consultant 
  
  Restricted Stock Units (RSU): a promise to give future equity at a liquidity event (these offer the least favorable tax treatment but are very low risk and require no purchase on your part)