I got the opportunity to launch Uber Eats in Miami.  
  
  I was then told I had only 6 weeks to launch it (the fastest for an Uber Eats launch at that time). 
  
  Here are the 5 keys that enabled us make it happen: 
  
  1. I took the first two days to build out a launch plan. Many would jump right into executing. I spent time strategizing. How many restaurants did we need signed every day to be  on pace?  What about couriers? When did the PR execution need to start? Everything had a pre-defined date and I laid out a holistic project plan for each day of the 6 weeks. 
  
  2. We held a daily sales stand-up. Many might think this is overkill. It wasn't. We shared best practices that would help us catch up and keep on pace for the growth we needed. We needed 100 restaurants for launch, and I needed to make sure we didn't get too far behind. 
  
  3. I asked for and acquired the resources I knew I needed. I had recruited a launch team, but it wasn't enough. We needed more help, so I went to other city teams and asked for help from experts on the Rides business.  
  
  4. I eliminated noise. Anything that wasn't crucial to the basics of the launch was removed. This was harder than it sounds. The local Miami team told me we needed a huge launch party because Miami is a flashy city. It made sense to me, and I put the wheels in motion. 1 week later, I shut the whole thing down. People were upset with me. I don't blame them. But it wasn't core to the launch. So we had to get rid of it. 
  
  5. We hustled. We gritted it out. We worked weekends. We didn't take  no  for an answer. We called every single restaurant to make sure they were prepped before the launch. We tested every restaurant. We did whatever it took to succeed. You can have the best strategy and team in the world but if you don't have the grit to execute something hard, you won't have a chance. 
  
  It's fun to look back on now, but that launch was the most challenging thing I'd done in my career at that point.  
  
  With challenge comes reward, and I now look back on it as one of the most fulfilling of my life.