I earned $250k in my first 9 months consulting, working 25 hours per week. Here’s everything I did to make it happen: 
  
  First, I quit my job.  
  
  I wasn’t feeling valued anymore, and I was sick of building billion dollar businesses for someone else. 
  
  So I quit. 
  
  I didn't have anything lined up. Which made quitting nerve-racking. 
  
  I wondered if I could work part-time while I figured things out. 
  
  So, I responded to LinkedIn inbound recruiters and hiring managers that I was willing to help them part-time. 
  
  Here’s a sample note: 
  
  Thanks for reaching out. Do you see an opportunity for me to help as more of an advisor than a full-time role? 
  
  I'm currently not in the market for a full-time role, but am open to other arrangements.” 
  
  I sent out 12 notes like this. 
  
  11 times I got a “no” or no response. Rejection sucks. I thought this was going nowhere. 
  
  One of the 12, however, responded that they were down to get on a call and chat. 
  
  I had my first lead and after a proposal and a negotiation, I had my first client at 25 hours per week and $250/hr! 
  
  I was immediately making $25k / month part-time. It felt too good to be true. 
  
  I needed to see if I could replicate this with other clients. 
  
  I knew I needed an offer and figure out the “ideal client” for that offer so I could be targeted with my outreach. 
  
  Once I had my niche offer, I networked. And I tweaked my introduction based on what clients responded to. 
  
  For example, my experience is in Operations and Launch at Uber. But nobody knows what that means. 
  
  I learned if I talked about how I automated the business so they could scale without adding headcount, that immediately resonated. 
  
  So I used line that going forward. 
  
  Now that I had my niche nailed down, I jumped on calls. 
  
  I’d share a 60 second intro about my experience and my niche, and spend the rest of the call asking questions about their business in my area of expertise. 
  
  If there was an opportunity, we’d talk about a scope. 
  
  With each call, I felt a bit like a imposter. Could I really command $20k / month? I didn't know, but I wanted to keep trying. So I did. 
  
  I booked another gig, this time for $20k for a 4 week project to help a Series D company better align their Product and Ops organization. 
  
  I partnered up with a past colleague that had a completely different skillset than I. 
  
  He’s well networked, and would make introductions for us. 
  
  Once he made the intro, I'd ask questions and see if there was an opportunity to work together. 
  
  We closed a $34.7k per month client. 
  
  We closed a monthly retainer for $10k / month advising a start-up. 
  
  We got 1% in a start-up to be advisors. 
  
  As I continued to consult, I started helping colleagues with their consulting businesses. 
  
  Over the last 3 years, I've worked with hundreds of professionals, and built a tried and true playbook for building your own consulting business 
  
  And I still consult on the side to keep everything fresh. But now I'm dedicated to helping others with their businesses through Mylance