Want to start your own business? I wanted that too. But for years I could never follow through. 
  
  5 years ago, everything changed. 
  
  I now have a growing business, a passionate team supporting me, and this year we're on pace to do 8x what we did last year. 
  
  Here’s what changed: 
  
  1. First, I quit my job. I was sick of working for someone else and felt like I’d really reached my ceiling at my company. 
  
  It was time for starting my own thing, and it was time to give it everything I had. I was done with the false starts. 
  
  But going out on my own again started like any other time. I picked a problem I wanted to solve and researched the market. But here’s where everything changed. 
  
  2. Instead of building something, I started selling. I didn’t have a product. I wanted to validate demand before anything else happened. I talked to users. I asked about their problems. If relevant, I shared my solution. Some bought from me! Some didn't. Every call was a chance to learn. 
  
  3. I completely changed how I approached each day: the night before I wrote down the top priority for the next day: if nothing else happened that day, this is what I’d accomplish. 
  
  This is the biggest place I’d gotten stuck in the past: when I didn’t feel motivated, I would stop working on the idea. Any momentum I’d gotten was short lived. 
  
  But this time was different. I pushed through. In times of low motivation, I’d pull up my to-do list, and knock out ONE item. Anything to move the business forward. 
  
  4. To boost my confidence when I was struggling: I made a list of all the accomplishments I had.  
  
  Even the small ones, like choosing a domain name, talking to 10 users, making my first $100, etc. Whenever I was feeling down, I’d revisit the list of accomplishments. 
  
  5. I asked 5 former colleagues to be an informal “board of advisors” to me in exchange for a small amount of equity.  
  
  I met with them monthly, set goals for myself each month, reviewed performance, and asked for feedback. This forced me to stay on track, set and measure goals, and collaborate with other folks who cared about my success. 
  
  
  With Mylance, things were very slow at first. We didn’t have big revenues or crazy growth.  
  
  But we found customers, we learned a lot, and kept iterating. And in year 3, we’ve grown 8x what we did in year 2 (so far!). 
  
  The tactics listed above might seem small, but they make a huge difference for me. The difference between starting and stopping, and seeing my business through. 
  
  And they can be used whether you’re consulting, blogging, running an e-commerce business, or building a tech company. 
  
  Sometimes, a slightly different approach can make all the difference in the world.