I need to tell you a quick story about my friend. You might relate to him. 
  
  My friend David had been tied to his W2 full-time job in tech, and couldn't get away. He was always taught: go to college, go get a job, move up in that job, and keep working. Working is stable, and moving up the ladder is  what you do.   
  
  He'd always thought of himself as entrepreneurial, so he joined start-ups to feel like an entrepreneur.  
  
  But it wasn't the same. He found himself working his butt off to fulfill someone else's dream. To make someone else rich.  
  
  He didn't feel valued at work, and he hated the bureaucracy that inevitably grew as the company did. 
  
  The thought of going out on his own, while enticing, scared him. He didn't know if he could do it, he didn't know what it would look like, and despite me sharing my story with him countless times, he didn't bite. 
  
  So, he took another job at a promising Series A tech company. Initially he was excited -  If they become a unicorn, I'll be rich!  he told me.  
  
  But pretty quickly, he was miserable. He felt undervalued. He didn't enjoy the company politics, and the company's future was anything but guaranteed.  
  
  I offered him to go through our Mylance Accelerator at a discount if he promised to complete every activity. He finally obliged. 
  
  He completed every activity. He started using the techniques we taught him. 
  
  He had some great conversations, and pretty quickly, he closed his first client at $8500 / month for 10 hours per week of work.  
  
  He was ecstatic, but it was just the beginning. After his first client, he gained momentum. He closed another. And then another. 
  
  A few weeks later Accelerator, he shot me this text 
  
  I’m at $27.5K right now and trying to sign another $10K client. I think I’m close. I can't believe it took me this long to believe you 
  
  David has now quit his W2 job, and is consulting part-time. He's closing in on $40k / month, working less than 40 hours per week. 
  
  I'm not sharing this to toot my own horn. I'm sharing this because the first part of this story might be you. The second part could be you. 
  
  #sidehustle #consulting #Itstimetoworkforyourself