To launch Uber Eats, we had to get 100 restaurants on the platform to go live.  
  
  When I launched Miami, we had 6 weeks to do it.  
  
  Here's everything we did to make it happen: 
  
  1. We needed sales reps pounding the pavement. So we hired 5 of them. How we found them quickly? We advertised the role, threw a  happy hour  where we talked to about 40 candidates. We narrowed it down to 10, interviewed them individually, and hired 5 hungry, personable sales folks. 
  
  2. As the head launcher on a very tight timeline, I had to know what  good  looked like. Meaning what needed to happen every single day to be on target for the launch. So I modeled it out, and shared it with the team. We'd track against the projection every day. 
  
  3. We designed a restaurant sales playbook so we'd all start with the same pitch. Asking restaurants to give Uber at 30% cut of the gross revenue was a BIG ask. So we needed a really strong pitch. 
  
  4. We set quotas and performance bonuses for the rep who signed the most restaurants in a week. Nothing like rewarding performance and hustle. 
  
  5. Every single day we'd get the sales team together and talk about what worked, and what didn't. Things started super slow and we were well behind those targets I'd set. We needed to pick up momentum, so sharing best practices from the top performing reps was KEY. One insight was the best time to catch a decision maker (10am - 11am before lunch and 4-5pm before the dinner rush were ideal times.) 
  
  6. With harder to close but important restaurants, we'd have a manager step in to close the deal. If a sales rep had the deal close but couldn't get it over the finish line, we'd bring a manager in to support and close. We were a team and we wanted our reps to know they had support. 
  
  7. We started a number of restaurants on a lower  starter  commission rate. It was a great way to get a restaurant signed up for 25% for 3 months, with the plan to increase after that first 90 days.  
  
  8. We hustled. We ground it out. There was no silver bullet. It was a numbers game and a hustle game. We made it a friendly competition amongst the reps, we rallied together as a team, and we got the job done. 
  
  And all in all, we get 100+ restaurants by the launch day, and made it on time. I will never forget those days. We hustled hard, but we were all in it together as a team. And that made it memorable, enjoyable, and one hell of a challenge.