The truth is I struggle with imposter thoughts.  
  
  And many customers I talk to admit the same.  
  
  Here’s what I do to deal with it and overcome it: 
  
  1. I list out my accomplishments. It might sound silly, but it has a huge impact on how I look and feel about myself professionally. I think about the products I’ve grown, the people I’ve impacted, the managers who went to bat for me. I write it down and I look at it monthly. 
  
  2. I meditate on and then list out my biggest goals. I have to know where I want to go for me to get there. So I think hard about them and I write them down: 1 year goals, 5 year goals, 10 year goals. They can change, but it’s important for me to have them down. 
  
  3. I write down worst case scenarios. I have plenty of fear of failure. Who doesn’t? Writing down the worst case scenario helps me proceed anyway because it’s often not as bad as I think. E.g., if I quit my job, go out on my own, and completely strike out for 3 months, will I be OK? Could I get another job? Usually, the answer is yes and the bigger worst case scenario is never trying on my own. 
  
  4. Journaling. I journal a lot. Nearly every day now. I journal the thoughts in my head. I get them down on paper which gets them out of my head. It helps me to stop worrying in my down time, add them to my to-do list, and work on them during productive working hours. 
  
  5. I surround myself with motivated, high-value people all pursuing their dreams. The reality is if you put yourself out there and try new things, you’re going to fail a lot. That’s part of being successful, and the more I can normalize it and surround myself with people that try, make mistakes, and try again, the more normal it becomes to me and I embrace the “failures” (which really aren’t failures at all). 
  
  In reality, the only “failure” would be not trying at all. And that is certainly not how I’m going to define my life.  
  
  I’m going to give it my all. Try new things. Make mistakes and try again. And along that way, I’ll keep finding success, one step at a time. 
  
  What about you? How do you deal with your imposter thoughts? 
  